# Introduction to the frameworks
Welcome to the Security Frameworks by SEAL, a curated resource for those seeking knowledge in the
realm of blockchain security. Our organization, a collective of dedicated security specialists of
all kinds, is on a mission to spread awareness and educate the community about best practices and
potential pitfalls.

We have noticed a growing need to address the various challenges and issues facing our field, some
of which include a lot of security threats that are not specifically aimed at web3 infraestructure.
Recognizing that information is abundant but not always easily accessible, we've taken it upon
ourselves to compile and organize existing resources from around the internet, as well as generating
new specifically with this purpose in mind.


Regardless of your background, be it web2, web3, or beyond, this guidelines are open to all who seek
to learn and contribute. With them, we want to establish a comprehensive, high-level security
framework for web3 projects providing best practices to development teams throughout the life of
their project. A one-stop-shop for everything web3 security related.

This mdBook-style handbook is designed for easy collaboration and automatic deployment through
continuous integration. If you'd like to join our effort, feel free to fix typos, contribute new
sections, or propose enhancements. Simply fork [this
repository](github.com/security-alliance/frameworks), switch to `develop` branch and submit a pull
request. You can also click on the upper-right corner, which will take you to suggest an edit using
GitHub's web interface.

## Who We Are
SEAL is a non-profit organization committed to enhancing security awareness, education, and
specialized work as a public service for the Web3 ecosystem, its supporting technologies and
communities. Our efforts are driven by a shared desire to foster a safer, more informed digital
landscape. We do this by designing innovative projects, engaging elite technologists and by
coordinating on the social layer to ensure meaningful adoption

Let's work together to make a difference!